[chore][docs] Add guidance regarding breaking changes (#12274)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: docs/coding-guidelines.md

## Breaking changes

Whenever possible, we adhere to [semver](https://semver.org/) as our minimum standards. Even before v1, we strive not to break compatibility
without a good reason. Hence, when a change is known to cause a breaking change, we intend to follow these principles:

- Breaking changes MUST have migration guidelines that clearly explain how to adapt to them.  

> - Users SHOULD be able to migrate to the breaking change at their own pace, independent of other software updates.  

Reviewer: Can we define "software updates"? Is this related to other updates within the Collector specifically, changes to its environment, or changes to software it communicates with?

Author: Replaced by "Collector updates"

> - Breaking changes MUST have migration guidelines that clearly explain how to adapt to them.  
> - Users SHOULD be able to migrate to the breaking change at their own pace, independent of other software updates.  
> - Users SHOULD be proactively notified about the breaking change before it becomes law  
> - Users SHOULD be able to easily tell whether they have completed the migration for a breaking change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Breaking changes MUST have migration guidelines that clearly explain how to adapt to them.
- Users SHOULD be able to migrate to the breaking change at their own pace, independent of other software updates.
- Users SHOULD be proactively notified about the breaking change before a migration is required.
- Users SHOULD be able to easily tell whether they have completed the migration for a breaking change.
```

its adoption.

#### Feature gate IDs

Feature gate IDs should be namespaced using dots to denote the hierarchy. The namespace should be as
specific as possible; in particular, for feature gates specific to a certain component the ID should
have the following structure: `<component kind>.<component type>.<base ID>`. The "base ID" should be
written with a verb that describes what happens when the feature gate is enabled. For example, if
you want to add a feature gate for the OTLP receiver that changes the default endpoint to bind to an
unspecified host, you could name your feature gate `receiver.otlp.UseUnspecifiedHostAsDefaultHost`.

#### Lifecycle of a breaking change

##### Alpha stage

At the alpha stage, the change is opt-in. At this stage we want to notify users that a change is
coming, so they can start preparing for it and we have some early adopters that provide us with
feedback. Consider the following items before the initial release of an alpha feature gate:

* If **docs and examples** can be updated in a way that prevents the breaking change from affecting
  users, this is the time to update them\!  
* Provide users with tools to understand the breaking change  

>   * Create or update a **Github issue** to document what the change is about, who it affects and

Reviewer: Should we make this optional? Alternatively, should we add a template to make it easier to create these issues?

Author: I made it optional, I think a template would make sense but I don't want to block this PR on that

    what its effects are  
  * (Optional) Consider adding **telemetry** that allows users to track their migration. For
    example, you can add a counter for the times that you see a payload that would be affected by
    the breaking change.  
* Notify users about the upcoming change  
  * Add a **changelog entry** that describes the feature gate. It should include its name, when you

>     may want to use it, and what its effects are  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    may want to use it, and what its effects are. The changelog entry can be given the `enhancement`
    classification at this stage.
```

or for changes that should not have a functional impact such as performance changes. Consider the
following items before moving from alpha to beta:

* Schedule the **docs and examples** update to align with the breaking change release if you
  couldn’t do it before  
* Provide users with tools to understand the breaking change  
  * Update the **Github issue** with the new default behavior (or create one if starting from here)  
  * Update the feature gate to add the ‘to version’ to the feature gate  
* Notify users about the change  
  * Add a second **changelog entry** that describes the change one more time and is marked as
    ‘breaking’.  
  * If applicable, add an **error message** that tells you this is the result of a breaking change
    that can be temporarily reverted disabling the feature gate and points to any issue or docs
    about it.

##### Stable stage

At the stable stage, the change cannot be reverted. In some cases, you may directly start here and
just do the change, in which case you do not need a feature gate, but you should still follow the
checklist below (notify, update docs and examples). Consider the following items before moving from
beta to stable:

> * Remove the dead code  
> * Provide users with tools to understand the breaking change  
>   * Update the **documentation** **and examples** to remove any references to the feature gate and
>     the previous behavior. Close the **Github issue** if you opened one before.  
> * Notify users about the change  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remove the dead code
* Provide users with tools to understand the breaking change
  * Update the **documentation** **and examples** to remove any references to the feature gate and
    the previous behavior. Close the **Github issue** if you opened one before.
* Notify users about the change
```
You can see in the negative part of this diff the spaces that were removed. Not super important, just something I noticed.

Author: Sorry, not sure how I missed it, I fixed it now
